Add clarification about client_id for wallet attestation (#441)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

it in a `redirect_uri` parameter. A third party may observe such information through browser
history, etc. and correlate the user's activity using it.

### Wallet Attestation Subject {#walletattestation-sub}

> The Wallet Attestation as defined in (#wallet attestation) SHOULD NOT introduce a unique identifier specific to a single client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Wallet Attestation as defined in (#walletattestation) SHOULD NOT introduce a unique identifier specific to a single client.
```

Reviewer: shouldn't this be "MUST NOT"?

Author: Good question and for most systems I would agree. There might be ecosystems with other privacy properties and I wasn't sure if we should disallow that in the core spec -> I went with SHOULD, but I am happy to change

Reviewer: but wallet attestation format is defined in VCI, right? so i think it should be MUST NOT. i might be short sighted but what other privacy property can there be?

Reviewer: I am happy to continue the discussion in https://github.com/openid/oid4vc-haip/issues/171

To use the Wallet Attestation towards the Authorization Server, the Wallet MUST generate a proof of possession according to Section 5.2 "Client Attestation PoP JWT" of Attestation-Based Client Authentication.

> The `sub` claim of the Wallet Attestation JWT is picked by the Wallet Provider and represents the `client_id` of the Wallet. This value should be shared by all Wallet Instances from that Wallet Provider for privacy reasons.

Author: should this be normative (SHOULD)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sub` claim of the Wallet Attestation JWT is picked by the Wallet Provider and represents the `client_id` of the Wallet. For privacy reasons, this value is the same across Wallet Instances of that Wallet Provider.
```

I would honestly, add a short privacy considerations section about this and point to it from here

To use the Wallet Attestation towards the Authorization Server, the Wallet MUST generate a proof of possession according to Section 5.2 "Client Attestation PoP JWT" of Attestation-Based Client Authentication.

> The `sub` claim of the Wallet Attestation JWT is picked by the Wallet Provider and represents the `client_id` of the Wallet. For privacy reasons, this value is the same across Wallet instances of that Wallet Provider, see (#walletattestation-sub) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sub` claim of the Wallet Attestation JWT is picked by the Wallet Provider and represents the `client_id` of the Wallet instance. For privacy reasons, this value is the same across Wallet instances of that Wallet Provider, see (#walletattestation-sub) for more details.
```
